✨(backend) allow to use ashley in openedx studio (#121)
openfun/ashley: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- allow users with empty username to define it

### Changed

> - email and public_username are new optionnal for LTI authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- email and public_username are now optional for LTI authentication
```

Reviewer: the "n" is still duplicated ;-)

Author: oh, oops, thank you!

- detect and generate unique user id for OpenedX studio users

> ### Added

Reviewer: I think there is 2 "Added" items

### Added

- enable sentry_sdk in the sandbox
- allow users with empty username to define it

### Changed

> - email and public_username are now optionnal for LTI authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- email and public_username are now optional for LTI authentication
```

### Changed

- email and public_username are new optionnal for LTI authentication

> - detect and generate unique user id for OpenedX studio users

Reviewer: in  your commit message:
- it always send > it always sendsn
